when you expect to a special atmosphere
for occasions such as this I'm John
champion with me is Mark Lawrenson at a
very warm welcome for our special match
coverage of this one of the biggest
fixtures in recent memory good afternoon
has been quite a lot of talk about
today's game I can't wait to get started
here both these teams have already
expressed reservations about the playing
surface but really they're just looking
for excuses already
there's definitely a different sort of
environment here it's good family
atmosphere and no segregation needed two
great rivals again looking horns as
they've done so often in the past NT of
drama as well as the customary mind
games and ral mireles holds on to it
this is better football in might give us
the other thing go
Michael petracca right place right time
finished fasteners this makes the
celebration of that goal something could
really remember
cristiano ronaldo quick to accelerate
and they could be more to add and what a
good chance oh oh you could almost see
that one going in he notes that by the
way got passes marker so easily it just
didn't hit it as well as he look like
come on Oh Luis Fabiano Chaka
with an easy decision to make free kick
the game he goes for it and so it was
going wide of the post who might have
been expecting and heavy challenge there
and that's that's why I seem to rush the
shot now can he get the cross in here's
a chance it's a corner good chance here
perfed Bora header I sprocket sure will
be disappointed with the key to their
but the defense reacted well they're
just not using the full space available
on the pitch may they need somebody in
the field who can get the ball out to
the wide men more so the score line
reads one nil as the team's prepare for
the next 45 minutes
control patio Silver Swan elite a mellow
maybe now and again no setting of the
bar far too much elevation no power no
chance
the referee glances at his watch only a
few seconds remaining Cristiano Ronaldo
there is the final whistle signaling the
end of 90 minutes they might have
mounted themselves but in the end they
were slightly unfortunate in conceiving
the goal to go behind what I think that
we playing its part
you